STAR SABER Copyright (C) 1995 Hideyuki Nakanishi

    This is a 3D shooting game with 7 levels.
    It is mostly written in C.

  How to run
    Type start and press return.

  How to operate
    The D-pad (up, down, left, right), A button, and B button correspond to the numeric keypad (8, 2, 4, 6), 
    X key, and Z key, respectively.
    You can exit at any time by pressing ESC.

    During the game... D-pad                                    : Movement (normal and reverse)
                     A button                                   : Shoot bullets (auto-fire)
                     B button                                   : PAUSE
    When selected: Up and down on the directional pad: Choice
                     B button                                   : Decision
    When entering a name... Up and down on the directional pad  : Character selection
                     A button                                   : Correction (Go back one character)
                     B button                                   : Decide (move forward one character)

  How to play
    Pressing the button on the title screen will take you to the control method selection screen.
    Once you decide whether to go with normal or reverse, the game begins.

    The screen shows the view from the cockpit of your aircraft.
    Control your ship, avoid enemy attacks, and shoot bullets to destroy the enemy.
    Some enemies can be destroyed with one shot, while others require several hits to be destroyed.
    Enemies will flash white when they take damage.

    The circle in the middle is the crosshair, and the frames around it represent the limits (edges) of movement.
    The distance traveled by your aircraft between the start (S) and the goal (G) is displayed on the right side of the screen.
    The gauge at the bottom of the screen is your shield, which decreases when you receive enemy attacks, 
    and when it runs out it's game over.

    When you reach the goal, a boss will appear and its durability will be displayed at the top of the screen.
    Defeating the boss clears the stage.
    If you clear a stage without taking any damage, you will receive bonus points.

    When the game is over, if you get a high score, you will be taken to name input mode.
    Then choose whether to continue or not.

    The ending is reached when you clear stage 7.
    There are three different messages available depending on how you clear the level.

  Modification method
    The data for each stage consists of enemy appearance time (timelist), shape (model), and movement (motion).
    Detailed explanations of each are written in data.doc.
    Please read this if you want to edit your own stages.
    For execution options etc., please refer to main.c.
    If you want to change the parameters, please analyze each source file.

  Copyright etc.
    This software is free software.
    The following tools and data were used to create this.

        GNU C compiler
        C compiler PRO-68K library
        High-speed Assembler
        Hi-Speed Linker
        MicroEMACS
        ZMUSIC
