SPS (Super Processor) X68k version

Function:

	Organize and display information about processes and device drivers.

Usage: sps [options]

Options:

	a	    Prints process and device driver information.
	b	    Show background information (HUMAN version check available)
	d	    Displays information about device drivers only.
	n name	Prints information about only the process or device driver named.
            If it doesn't exist, it will have errorlevel 2, so it can be used in batch files.
	p	    Only process information is displayed.
	s	    64 columns (automatically specified when the display screen is not 768x512)
	w	    96 columns (automatically specified when the display screen is 768x512)
	v	    Find out what the vector is hooked to.
	l	    The v option will make the display more detailed, including vector descriptions.
	m	    Displayed in memory block order (similar to process.x)
	t	    Show what the timer is used for (the v option is meaningless).
	x	    Visually displays how memory is being used.

How to read the display:

	START	Start address of the process body (including PSP)
	END	    End address of the process body
	SIZE	The sum of the process body size and MALLOC size (unit: Kbytes) is displayed as a percentage of total memory.

	MALC	For processes

			Number of MALLOC

            For devices

			1st column:	Displays "I" when IOCTL is available.
			2nd column:	Raw/Cooked
			3rd column:	Displays N for a null device.
			4th column:	Displays S for standard input/output.

	STATUS CHAR	Character device driver

            BLOCK	Block device drivers
            HUMAN	Human68k
            PROC	Normal process
            KEEP	Resident process
            MEMDRV	I wonder what this is. This came up when I analyzed PROCESS.X.
            SRAM	When BOOT PROGRAM or PROGRAM is specified.

	COMMAND / DEVICE

            The command name or device driver name Human68k displays the version.
            For normal processes, the command line is displayed.

	Vector Information

            If the v option is specified, it searches the vector area and displays information about the destination 
            if it is within a process or device driver.

            CPU	    CPU 68000 interrupts
            IOCS	IOCS Vector
            DOS	    DOS Vector
            ETC	    In addition, the number and name of each hidden vector are displayed.

Copyright:
	
    We do not waive copyright, but you are free to distribute and improve it.

Comment:

Those who know will know, but it was created with the aim of being similar to sps, a PDS for UNIX/BSD systems.
Of course, since the OS is completely different, the functions are also completely different.

Also, I made it for the v option.I don't think there are any real bugs.

Since I can't find the source code for the latest version (sobbing), 
I've included only the executable file compiled with GCC.

An older version of this program is featured in Dennou Club issue 24.

						Ishii @ Kyoto University Microcomputer Club (ici@kmc)
